What qualification do you need in order for a person to enrol as a student doctor?Billy chiliwawa from lusaka ,zambia.
Where are you located?
Dates not set yet?
Can you tell me more about this educational institution?
Plz help me, i have the following greads, can i entr into your premices.? #physix1 #biology2 #maths2 #chemistry2 #agricurture2 #home economics3 #english3 #chichewa4 Plz i need ur help plz

Good afternoon to: food and beverage manager Just wanted to let u know i sell whole chickens Fillet Wings Drumsticks etc... Please inbox for a price list if u intrested I supply game haven 
lodge and thought i would try your area too. if u may need please call for a pricelist 0999934555 Free delivery for all orders above MK100, 000 I also supply herbs like basil parsley mint 
sparment and veggies we also marinate e.g lemon and herb or peri peri or mild spice. cash or cheque uoon delivery Thanks Rehanna 

How much are the fees for medicine.

Where are you located?
Can you tell me more about this educational institution?
How much does this course cost?

I am John Nkhoma I was convinced by one from there during sensitisation to take Bsc generic at Chancellor college or 
Edu science at Mzuni to have Chance of pursuing medicine at College of medicine. 
Now I'm at Chancellor college I got 13 points at MSCE level and my goal is to study medicine. But I asked people 
and they told me that you stopped recruiting students from other universities you recruit your members. 
But I want to know more because my whole desire is to study at College of medicine. How can I do. Please help me.

Hello there. I wanted to know the dates for submission of application to the MPH. I have just heard from a friend 
that the advert was released. If possible also, would you share the advert. I am interested in studying for the MPH

Good morning, am from Zambia and I want to find out when I can apply for 2020 intake and the method of application. Thank you

Good morning, am from Zambia and I want to find out when I can apply for 2020 intake and the method of application. Thank you

hello,
Where can i get the full courses you have and what's needed to be selected?.I am asking because I thought you only offer surgery 
but I am seeing others to like public health

Analyzing Polarization in Social Media:
Method and Application to Tweets on 21 Mass Shootings

Distant supervision for relation extraction without labeled data